Birinchi Maharaj is great.
Birinchi Maharaj is great!
Where from?
We are returning from Debraj.
Kashi!
- Yes.
Haven't been there in a long time.
Oh! Your work was in Kashi...
Too crowded.
That is true. But still...
I had said at the very start
you have created a great city,
but will it remain like it is?
So many storms will blow over it,
so many will come and go.
One day, Sankar came to me
and said,
even if you don't follow
the philosophy of One God,
don't you agree that Gautam
caused a lot of destruction?
Don't you think some action
should be taken for this?
I said, if you want to,
then take action.
If that's what will get you
peace of mind, then do it.
But remember this that someone will
mess up your work as well some day.
Someone will play football with
your religion. Understand that well.
That lad had something in him
but he could not master
the science of life.
That's why, at the age of 32...
Wake up!
I don't have a moment of peace.
I have to awaken this lad every
day from his sleep.
Baba.
- What happened?
My mind is at unrest, Baba.
What is your name?
My name is Guropodo Mitter.
Advocate.
Come here, child.
Touch his feet.
Sit.
This is my younger daughter, Baba.
Her name is Buchki. I mean, Neelima.
Her mother died last year.
Since then, Baba,
there has been no peace.
I've visited Kashi
and Vrindavan but
still I cannot find
the strength to go on.
Cannot find the strength?
- No, Baba.
It's as if there's no pillar left
for support.
Hold this!
Hold it tight.
What? Is there any unrest left?
Is there any sadness left?
Do you feel the spirit?
Any tiredness?
Any emptiness left?
Any restrictions left?
It's fate.
Oh, God!
Oh God.
- What happened?
Nitai?
If only I could find a good Babaji,
I'd leave everything
and go with him.
Why?
You've lost interest in the world?
Mind is at unrest, brother.
Life has sped by. At home,
the wife keeps complaining.
At the office, there's a new boss.
He is also... It's all rubbish!
Nothing feels good.
If you know of any such man,
let me know.
There's no Babaji
in your fate, Nitai.
Your constant chatter
has made me lose my knight.
You know, in spiritual matters,
talking less
is a primary condition.
This young man
is an insurance agent.
And to top it,
he can do Hatha Yoga.
So, why can't I find
myself a Babaji?
My case is intellectual.
You will not understand that.
It can only be understood
by Paramadha Chatterjee.
Are you in the habit of
chewing green chillies?
Nitai.
Yes?
A sage has come to Jagganath Ghat.
Understand?
He's called Mirchai Baba.
People visiting him are being
offered enchanted green chillies
and after eating them,
all their illness is cured.
Will a Radio Baba work?
Swami Taritananda!
This Baba has two 'tives'.
One negative, one positive.
Drains electricity from the sky
and sparks it to people. - Really?
You go to him and you
will be cured of all disease.
Electrotherapy!
My disease is just one.
Lack of money.
Let him find a nice
source of income for me
and I'll accept that he's great!
That too, he can do.
- He can?
He will take you to a place for a
day, before the battle in 1914.
Then?
You will buy some iron.
- Iron?
Yes. For cheap.
- Then?
For cheap.
After that, you...
- After that, what?
After 1914 what happened?
Mate in two moves, brother.
What happened after 1914?
After 1914, he brings you
back to '65.
With the iron?
- Yes, of course.
And then you sell the iron
at the current rate.
Current rate?
Nibaran.
What?
- Disaster!
Sit.
- 400 rupees, 500 rupees.
600 rupees. 700 rupees.
Speak thee not!
- I have done it, brother.
Narendrapur - five acres of land.
Three houses.
Now all I need to do
is find the Babaji.
Again Babaji?
- Chess is an intellectual game.
This kind of pandemonium
does not go with it.
He's destroyed everything.
Buchki is getting an induction.
- What?
Some Babaji has inducted her father
and now the daughter
will also get it.
Did you go to their place? - Yes,
that's where I'm coming from.
So is this good news or bad news?
Getting inducted into priesthood
is good news?
Why not? I too would get inducted
if I found a good sage.
But I was to propose to her!
So you propose...
- No, Nitai.
You do not know
the background to this story,
and so you don't understand
the reason for Satta's anxiety.
You need a little introduction.
This Buchki is Alipore lawyer,
Guropodo Mitter's younger daughter.
Mr Mitter's wife, Soudamini,
was Takdar Shashi Ghosh's daughter.
Is that so?
- Yes.
She died a year or two ago.
I know them through my childhood
friend from Bagbazar,
the famous Professor Nani.
Nani's wife is Mr Mitter's
eldest daughter, Nirupama.
Fine.
- It was in Nirupama's house
that Master Satta
first met Lady Buchki.
It was love at first sight
and since then,
he's contemplating marriage.
Clear?
- Clear.
So the point is, Master Satta
has fallen in love with Lady Buchki
but Lady Buchki wants to get
inducted into priesthood.
Hence, the matter is very serious.
- Exactly.
Satta, carry on.
Fatik, get some tea.
They returned from Kashi yesterday.
I would have visited them
yesterday but at the laundry,
my bloody pants were not ready
so I had to wait for one day.
So then, today, at around eight in
the morning, I went to their place.
On reaching it, I noticed
that the place seemed strange.
The guards were all huddled
together and talking.
The usual Radio Ceylon was not
playing.
Everything seemed different.
Anyway, I entered the house
and was going up the stairs
when someone called me from behind.
I turned and who do I see?
Ganesh Mama! - Satta.
Wait a minute! Who is Ganesh Mama?
Ganesh Mama
is Mr Mitter's brother-in-law.
Lady Buchki's uncle. Clear?
- Clear.
And then?
Buchki is not there?
She is. But there is work
going on upstairs.
Buchki's father is getting inducted
into priesthood.
Priesthood? - Why should the word
priesthood make you smile like that?
Do you know his guru
is a great and learned man?
He's been around since the time
the town of Kashi was constructed.
Which Kashi?
- Kashi Benaras. Nut Kashi Khu Khu.
Oh, God! Is he into black magic
of some sort?
No, he's not into black magic
but he's a Democrat, for sure.
You are a hardcore communist.
Now move along.
Communist? - Yes. I've heard you go
out on protest marches on the roads.
Oh that...
- No.
You better leave today.
Come some other day to meet them.
But...
- Leave.
Your son-in-law is well, I hope.
Has he got a job?
He was looking for one, wasn't he?
Listen!
You called me from behind?
Do you know of any job or what?
I do know of something but he
must be trying elsewhere.
No. Nowadays nothing can happen
without a little backing.
But Uncle, in case of backing,
what of his self-respect...
You cannot understand, Sattaranjan.
Today's day and age is different.
Go up and meet everyone quickly.
Then come and give me the details.
Yes, then, I'll quickly...
- Yes, quickly.
You wait.
I'll take just five minutes or so.
Hey.
Hey. Buchki.
Are you calling me?
- What's the matter?
What is this induction all about?
Your house has completely changed.
I'm also getting inducted.
- Buchki.
Didn't you get my letter?
Your letter?
- I wrote to you in Benaras.
Was that you?
A seven line letter! Of that,
two lines were from Shelley.
Two lines from Chandidas
and two lines of a poem.
Other than that, all it said was,
How are you? I'm fine!
But believe me,
the feeling behind it all is mine.
Keep your feelings to yourself.
- Listen.
I have work.
- I need to talk.
We'll see after I'm inducted.
Then?
- Then what?
I left the place.
Nibaran, you have to help me.
You deliver quotations
instead of love letters
and I must rescue you.
No, I can handle that part of it.
You just remove this Babaji.
What if this person is genuine?
So, you think he is genuine, Parak?
I have an open mind.
If he appeals to your intelligence,
that's great. Otherwise, reject him.
Could we meet
and interview this Babaji?
Does he sit at any place?
- I don't know.
Did you see Buchki's sister?
Was she there?
Yes. She was.
Then... One...
How old is this Babaji? 2,000?
Oh God! Paramadha.
Sell him an insurance policy.
You will get many premiums.
Hello? Is that Putli?
Is your father there? No?
Mother there? Put your mother on.
Say Uncle Nibaran is calling.
He was talking about the days
when Kashi was born, right?
Maybe he was talking about rebirth.
After all, he is a
type of an astrologer.
Is that sister-in-law? Fine.
Where is your husband?
Experimenting again?
Boiling grass? Why? Can't Nani
digest raw grass anymore?
Here, protein synthesis
is taking place.
The grass will get hydrolysed
and turn into carbohydrate.
Then, if you leave
two amino groups,
you get hexahydroxidiamino.
What is this rubber pipe?
Potli, play that once, my girl.
Only bubbles?
- It's getting oxidized!
Do come. The tea is getting cold.
I thought music will flow
down the rubber pipe,
mix with the grass and
create a fantastic green nectar.
If I get successful with this,
I think lack of fo...
Lack of food?
- Yes.
There will be no lack?
- That's right.
Sister-in-law.
Start practising how to chew.
Understood?
Sure. What everybody does, I shall
too. What's the matter in that? Sit.
Well, I haven't asked you
one thing, Nani.
Will future humans walk
on two legs or four?
The advantage of four legs is
speed?
- Speed.
Two plus two.
Sister-in-law,
tell me about this Baba!
Who are you talking about?
Birinchibaba?
Is that his name?
Potli! Keep a lookout on the grass.
I am doing so, mother.
- Come.
Tell me.
- What can all this be?
I went home and saw that
my father was getting inducted.
Since my mother died,
my father has changed.
Stopped working.
Doesn't meet anyone.
I thought that father's mind has...
Anyway, now he has got Guruji.
Guruji is everything.
- I guess so.
So you are saying that this person
has kind of settled here.
Something like a
semi-permanent settlement.
Earlier, father was not
at all interested in religion.
Something like what would happen
if you fall in love at an old age.
Well, what is your view?
What do you make of it?
He speaks pretty well.
Sounds good to hear.
Though I don't follow all he says.
Some relevity, felevity.
Relativity.
Yes, that.
Nani, you went too?
- Why him?
Lawyer, barrister
and people from every corner.
So many people have been
coming to hear him.
Leonardo da Vinci.
The man knows it all.
- Really?
He's solved a lot of problems
in Czechoslovakia.
Who? This Babaji?
Einstein used to visit him.
Visit him?
- Yes.
He only taught him.
- What?
Relativity. E=mc2
Baba taught him?
Taught Einstein?
Is that what he said
in front of so many people?
Yes.
And people believed him?
Everybody clapped.
Goodness.
Even you would have done the same.
You tell me, how long
does a person live?
Why not ask the person
who knows all this?
Nani. - You tell me.
How long can a person live?
Quite long, actually.
- How long?
150? 200? - If it's 200,
then it's a tortoise.
Not man?
Not a homo sapien.
And 2,000?
- 1,000?
2,000. Could any man
be alive since the construction
of Kashi?
The tea is getting cold.
Why don't you drink it?
What happened? Can he?
His right-hand person
seems like a loafer.
What, Nani?
- Trees can.
Not homo sapiens.
Tree. Bo Tree?
Buddha's tree of enlightenment.
Remember?
You are a scientist. He said
all this nonsense about Einstein
in front of you
and you didn't expose him?
And you're laughing?
What's the use, my friend?
In the end, he'll accuse me
of causing trouble
because I'm after his property.
But it's interesting.
- What?
He showed us something.
Come forward. I'll tell you.
This is the present.
Where?
- Here.
At this contact point.
- Okay.
And this right hand
is rotating clockwise.
Future.
- All right.
And this.
- Anticlockwise.
Anticlockwise. The past.
- Okay.
He made both of them
move at the same time.
At the same time?
- At the same time.
In opposite directions?
- In opposite directions.
So he says that
there is nothing like
the present because
time does not stop.
Difficult.
Sister-in-law, can you do it?
Try it.
Let me try.
Yes, try!
If he can't do it,
how will I be able to do it? No.
Listen.
- To what?
The voice of the Babaji.
Time is a very strange thing.
It is said people are here today
but not there tomorrow.
I say, you're there tomorrow
but not here today.
Tomorrow. This means time.
Tomorrow is there.
But today, the present
does not exist. How can it exist?
How can it exist?
Time is constantly moving.
It does not stay at one place.
So how could you label
it as the present,
tie chains around
its leg and hold it
and say this is the present?
The moment the words end,
it becomes happened.
Or has happened. Or had happened.
All this means the past.
Something that has gone.
The past!
- The past!
On this, I had verbal
arguments with Plato.
Who is he talking about?
Plato, the great Roman astrologer.
Astrologer!
- Plato said,
Inhuman logas cognosis.
I cannot understand
what you are saying.
Dictos jargon paranois.
You are talking gibberish.
I said, well, fine then,
if you cannot understand...
If you cannot understand
what I'm saying,
then I'll do a demonstration
for you.
Plato said, oh my God,
what demonstration!
He was quite scared of me.
I said, why are you getting
scared, Plato?
It's very simple. Look at this.
This is my right hand.
This, my finger.
Now, this starts rotating
on the right side, clockwise.
Meaning, in the direction
where time goes.
And where does time go?
Towards the future.
And, this is my left hand.
This rotates on the left side.
Anticlockwise. Signifying the past.
The past.
- And now, they rotate together.
Front and back.
This is life.
What was there. What will happen.
That's what it is.
Past and future.
The world lies between these two.
Outside!
Outside.
Come!
Sit at the back there, understood?
Don't worry so much.
We'll go and sit.
After all,
we must disinfect our minds,
which are so filled with sins.
Come!
Quickly, go and finish
the blessing part.
Me?
Yes, not another word. Go ahead.
My Lord!
Who is it?
It's me.
You look familiar.
Where have I seen you before?
- Me?
In Nepal? Have I seen you in Nepal?
- I stay on Serpentine Lane.
What's your name!
Sattaranjan Sarkar.
Sattaranjan!
Yes! Murshidabad.
I remember now.
In Jagath Seth's house.
It was his mother's death ceremony
that day. There were many people.
Raja Krishnachandra,
Rai Rayan Jankiprasad,
Nawab Iftikhar Salar Khan
Khanan Mohabbat Jung.
Amir Chand of Sutanati, the one
mentioned in History as UmiChand.
Sethji treated us to a lot of food.
But the sweets ran out while
serving the Lords of Sutanati.
So, they abused the host and left.
Incredible!
This is the perfect time to go
to him. He's in the right mood.
Shall I go?
- Anyway.
So, Motiram.
- Motiram?
I knew you by that
name only, child.
You were Sethji's accountant.
So Motiram, you'd better chant
the 'Dhurjati' mantra.
Every morning, wake up
and chant it 108 times.
Very fast, all right? Now go.
Lord. What is better? The path
of urge or that of satisfaction?
Fine question.
Tulsi once asked me
the same question.
Tulsidas! We eat food,
don't we?
- Yes.
But why do we eat?
- Why do we eat?
Because we feel hungry.
Because we feel hungry,
what do we eat?
Rice, fruit, fish, meat, etc.
Fish, meat.
- What happens
when we eat?
- What happens?
Our hunger is satisfied.
- It's satisfied.
And so the root cause
- The root cause
of consumption is urge
- Urge.
and the result of consumption
is satisfaction. - Satisfaction.
Isn't that so?
- Yes.
Yes.
Tulsi was a sage.
I told him
without consumption
there is no satisfaction.
I said, Tulsi,
if there is no consumption
how can there be satisfaction?
So after Ramayan,
I changed him to King Mansingha.
Told him to consume
as much as he wanted to.
He earned a lot of wealth
but nothing remained with him.
He married the daughter of a Bengali
Jagatsingha and blew it all away.
Excuse me.
Bankim didn't write
that in his book.
Excuse...
- My lord!
Lord, find a solution for me.
- What do you want?
Take me to 1914 for
seven days, Baba.
I will buy some cheap iron, Baba.
Please, Baba.
Iron?
- Yes. Iron, sir. I mean, Lord.
Cheap?
- Yes, Lord. From 1914.
What do you do? - I am the
ledger keeper in a bell tea shop.
Salary is just 233 rupees per month.
I can't manage my family with that.
Can't manage your family?
- No. The iron, my Lord!
Wealth does not come
so cheap, my man.
Does not!
Very strict meditation is required.
From the Muladhar Chakra,
you must control KulaKundali,
the source of power.
Then you'll have to raise it
to the Sahasrar Lotus.
This Sahasrar is the sun.
That sun has
to move backwards.
You must make it move backwards.
If you do not understand
the science behind the sun,
you can't do it.
And that is a matter
of huge expenditure.
Then, sir. Sorry, Lord!
Then is there no solution?
Please, Lord. Find some
solution for me.
There is a solution!
- There is?
Right at noon,
when the clock strikes 12,
go to the terrace.
On the terrace, look at the sun
and then chant 108 times martanda!
Martanda!
But your eyes should not blink.
Your tongue should not get dry.
Only then. Tempora.
Tempora.
Boris.
Nephic.
Nitious.
Nibhus.
Nibhorus.
Buchki.
This man... He's...
What?
- Great!
But just postpone your
induction for a few days. Please.
Thanks for your suggestion.
Don't worry. I'm there.
I'll fix everything.
- Come on now.
Doesn't work. This Baba is a fraud.
What? Has your faith disappeared?
- It's all rubbish!
No trace of poison.
Only empty threats.
If you have so much power,
then show a miracle or two.
That he will not do.
All he does is talk
about what he did in the Satta era.
Who can do even that
these days, Nitai?
Stare at the afternoon sun
and chant a mantra.
You can't even bat your eyelashes.
You try it and show me. Let me
see whether you blink or not.
Is this some kind of a joke?
That's where you went wrong.
If he did it himself, he would
reduce the voltage of the sun.
After all, I hear he moves
the moon and the sun.
Nibaran, if you want to expose
that Baba, then I'm with you.
Babaji's new get-up.
Magician.
- How?
I just saw Brahma.
- You saw Brahma?
Sit.
What do you mean you saw Brahma?
I went over to their
place, Nibaran. - Why?
I thought I'll meet Buchki
and fix up some thing.
What?
I knew I wouldn't be able
to meet her so I took her a letter.
Another quotation?
- No!
A poem.
- My, my!
And what did you write?
- I wrote...
Babaji's a fraud. But in my love...
Can you go, Nitai?
- Just continue.
I wrote, Babaji's a fraud.
But my love for you
isn't fraudulent.
If you opt for induction,
why then should I stay alive?
That's it. Two lines.
Couplet.
Fine. So did you give her
the letter?
Kind of. You see, Babaji
goes into a trance at seven,
and then everybody leaves.
So I thought
if I go there at eight,
I might get to meet her.
But still to be on the safe side,
I took the letter along with me.
So, I reached there
at exactly eight.
The house was silent except
for the striking of the clock.
I was feeling a little nervous,
but still I entered inside.
After climbing half the stairs,
I felt as if there was
no one upstairs.
Darn it!
After mustering up such courage,
would I have to return
home hopeless?
No. I must give it one last try.
I thought I should check the
backyard and garden of the house.
As I walked, I heard
some strange sounds
emanating from there.
Hey, Buchki.
Brahmo, Brahma, Brahmayi.
Long live the Lord!
And then?
- And then, the climax!
The climax?
While going to college,
she dropped this in the mailbox.
What has she written, brother?
I know and understand
everything but I have no option.
I will be free
if the Babaji leaves.
So she understands, after all?
Why wouldn't she?
Whose beloved is she, after all?
So why are you so excited, Satta?
Remove this obstacle
and she is mine.
Look at him.
Is removing him so easy, Satta?
It's not that easy.
- Oh no.
Nibaran, you're giving up?
Just think, Satta, the man
has some talent.
He is the greatest obstacle
to my romance and you are saying...
He is a high-class actor.
He understands mass psychology.
He's educated.
Has an amazing memory.
He has imagination.
Has presence of mind.
Has guts.
What more do you want?
- Oh Lord.
But you can argue,
he does not have honesty.
But today, many great
people lack that quality.
There goes my hope.
But...
- But?
He...
- He?
has to be exposed.
- Hear!
Because...
- Because?
If he is not exposed, they will
also not be exposed. - Who?
All those who are going
and falling at his feet,
encouraging him, letting him grow.
You've just increased the
scope of our work, Nibaran.
What is needed is one...
- Double exposure!
Yes. One stone.
- Two birds. Get going, Nibaran.
But...
- Now, what's this but?
How!
Will I have to die chanting
how, Nibaran?
Paramadha, you're into
planning policies and things.
Why don't you come up
with something good?
You shouldn't have let the salt
sprinkle on your open wounds.
Instead, if you'd have picked
a policy then you would have...
Anyway, forget it!
- Oh God.
I've got it.
Why are you laughing?
- My God!
Where there's smoke, there's...
Satta!
- Yes.
Are you
on good terms with
the servants in that house?
I tipped the guard that day
for tying a Rakhi on my hand.
Solid two rupees.
Good.
This tipping is...
Parak?
You people, I believe, have very
beneficial policies these days.
Why?
Thinking of one...
- What is all this suspense for?
Hello?
- Who? Nani?
Did you eat grass? What?
Listen. My room has
been invaded by mice.
What can I use to fill up
the room with plenty of smoke?
Nitric acid and copper?
Tri-nitro-di... No.
I don't need red and blue
coloured smoke, brother.
Just simple white smog to
fill the room...
What is sister-in-law saying?
What? Wet straw? Splendid!
Nani, that Nobel Prize will finally
be bagged by sister-in-law.
And you...
Bonny prince?
Bonny prince.
Attaboy.
Cosmos.
- Whist-ling wind.
What wind?
Whist-ling.
- Whistling!
Whistling.
It's getting a little dull, uncle.
Let's take a break.
Now relax.
Paradise Hall has two
first-class movies playing.
You're still not steady
on your legs.
This bloody Nataraj's
art form is very difficult.
"My heart dances along with me."
"The whole world dances with me."
"While you danced
the dance of destruction,"
"Nataraj, the god of dances,"
"Your tresses had fallen down..."
Who is it?
- It's me. Guropodo.
Wait.
I think I've disturbed
your time of rest.
What have I done
to deserve any rest?
I came because
I've been feeling a little anxious.
- Anxious about what?
I mean you haven't complained
but are you facing
any kind of difficulty?
Is that all!
- Yes, I mean...
Your food is okay I hope.
Look, Guropodo, you're doing
everything you can.
And I don't want you to do
anything that you can't.
And talking of food,
would I ask you for a
hippopotamus roast?
I would not. Because I know
that it is impossible for you
to get it.
If that be the case...
- It's very tasty.
You know the time that you
term as the Stone Age?
During that time, I ate quite a bit.
These days you will not get it.
If you want something like...
Ganesh.
Some other land animal
might have been simpler
but we'll find a hippopotamus. New
Market stocks everything these days.
Then just find out.
- Yes. It shouldn't be a problem.
I hope you are not
facing any problem.
Please do not embarrass me
by asking such questions.
I am no one. Nothing.
Very lean, very small,
very insignificant.
My own happiness doesn't count.
Gurudev's happiness is my
happiness. His peace is my peace.
His satisfaction is mine.
I found this person
at a fruit market in Babylon.
Nebhu was then only a child.
I was then just a child.
Then was he also...
I was standing at the watermelon
shop buying watermelon
when I felt someone
tugging at the end of my robe.
I saw humility in his eyes.
And since then,
he has been with me.
Amazing!
- Then again,
he is of the Asirio race.
In his earlier birth, he was a
scorpion.
That's why he's a little...
Okay then, I will take your leave.
If there's anything you need...
- I'll tell you!
We'll definitely tell you.
- Okay.
Grandfather.
- What?
The food of the house
has become stale.
One day give us some
first-class mutton biriyani.
Rubbish! Mutton biriyani!
People are getting anxious to watch
some Gods. Now it's Mahadev, right?
Yes. This time it's Mahadev.
- I've already announced it.
Yes, this time it's Mahadev.
Next moonless night,
it's Vishnu. Then Jesus,
then Buddha, then Hanuman.
Why don't you make a long list
and hang it on the main door?
I will. But the crowds
are getting unmanageable.
The room is small.
Call the people by rotation.
One thing, grandfather,
no young lads.
Remember that day you told some boy
that you saw him at Murshidabad?
Who? Satta?
- Yes.
He is an idiot! Harmless!
Why increase the tension,
grandfather?
No young people except the females.
Middle-aged people, people
your age, but not the sly ones.
Either people with faith or an eye
weakness.
Besides that, no admission.
You keep quiet.
Age is not the main factor.
Yes, the main factor is...
Exactly.
If only I could go out, I would
have tried playing treble top.
What about letting
the Vajpai enter?
The one who said he'd make us
a three-storied hermitage?
Yes. With cooling system and lift!
Yes. Why not? You will also
have two rooms in that.
Yes. Don't forget my ten percent.
Does anyone forget their cousin?
Have you ever heard of that?
Hippopotamus roast!
You are a bombastic person.
At seven sharp. Understood, Parak?
But be careful. Even if you're
half a minute early or late,
everything will be spoiled.
The first stroke of seven
must match your matchstick stroke.
Understood?
And what is Nitai's function?
Or will he only listen
to the artefacts being stated?
The first reaction to the
smoke will be from him.
You better watch the window
carefully. - At the window?
Will you be able to act scared?
Why act, my brother?
You've seen my wife, right?
All I need to do is think
of her moon-like face.
What about me?
- You?
You think and figure
it out yourself. One house,
lots of people,
and a fire breaks out.
Panic!
- And in the ensuing confusion,
the girl you want to marry is
trapped. What will you do?
Rescue!
- Good!
Should I propose at that moment?
You can.
- But if she refuses?
Idiot! No means yes.
Good night.
Good night. Good evening.
Are you fine?
- With your blessings, madam.
What is the manifestation today?
Vishnu?
- No, sir.
Shiva Nataraj.
- Really?
I told you it was Mahadev.
- Yes.
He who rotates earth.
Come, Bardhomanji. Fine.
- How are you, Ganesh Babu?
What's this?
- Date palm jaggery?
Yes, date palm jaggery.
Will I be able to see Shiva?
Yes. Of course!
If you won't get to see it,
who will?
You've given Babaji so much,
haven't you?
Of course, you will get to see.
Ten percent of it.
If you want, you will also get.
Really?
Is that so?
- Yes, it is.
It is?
- Sure, it is.
Come in.
Go quickly and sit in the front or
else there'll soon be a huge queue.
Go.
- Greetings.
How are you?
- So you people have come.
Satta, people from your
house have all come? - Yes.
We'll go in now.
Sattabhushan,
that interview letter did not come.
It will come. Any day now.
Any day now? That type in...
Do not worry. I am there.
Right. You're there.
-Right.
And listen,
you go upstairs and sit.
Don't sit too much in front.
Sit a little at the back.
Babaji does not believe
in the present, you know.
The present generation is also...
Not there. Non-existent.
Only past and future.
Right?
Everybody wants money and wealth.
Isn't that so? But it has
to fall in the right hands.
The hand has to be the right one.
If it falls in the wrong hands,
it can cause calamity.
And that is what leads
to confusion.
Actually, wealth is not important.
What is important
is the hand on which it lands.
This is the reason for all fights.
This is the reason
for all arguments.
With whom, do you know?
Jesus.
- Baba.
Baba.
Baba!
Jesus said,
wealthy people can
never reach heaven.
I said, why not?
If you misuse money
then it happens.
That day...
That day,
I told him a few nasty words.
Later,
there was regret.
Regret.
Poor lad.
Poor lad lost his life.
Lost his life.
- Poor lad.
Excuse me, Lord.
Who is it?
- Excuse me.
Come closer. Allow him to come.
He has something to ask.
Come!
Lord I...
- Seeing you,
I am reminded of Manu.
Who? Manu Chatterjee?
Manu Shayumbhu. Sharachi. Goutami.
Damash. Bairath. Chakhush. Sabarno.
Dakhya Saborno. Brahma Saborno.
Dharma Saborno. Rudra Saborno.
Rouchya. Bhoutya. Shayambhu.
He comes and tells me,
I have written the Samhita.
Please look at it.
If you don't have a look at it,
I won't be at peace.
So I said, let me see
what you've written.
One lakh slokas.
Oh, my God! What have you done?
Who will read so much?
Who has the time for it?
Cut it!
300. I selected 300 slokas for him.
I said, keep these,
they will come in handy.
The rest, he threw away.
Excuse me...
- I'll tell you about one more Manu.
It was the Age of White Pigs.
Before the time
of the Great Destruction.
One day, the Creator...
The Creator came and told me,
I've created humans but where will
they stand? What will they eat?
Everywhere, there was only water.
Seeing the state of the earth,
the Creator got scared.
Seeing his fear,
I felt pity for him.
I said, don't feel scared.
I am here.
The science of the sun
is in the clasp of my hand.
I increased the power of the sun.
All the water dried up.
The earth filled up
with forest and trees.
Lord, did you know Jesus Christ?
People say crucifixion.
I say crucifact.
Because I have seen it
all with my own eyes.
My God! And Gautama Buddha?
Gautam?
That Gautam? Gautam was just
a young lad of yesterday.
I knew the Buddha
when he was a young lad.
Tempora.
Boris.
Nephic.
Nitious.
Nibhus.
Nibhorus.
Don't go.
Fire!
What's this?
Hey! Fire!
Hello. Fire brigade?
Fire brigade?
Leave me. What are you doing?
Leave me. There's a fire.
Leave me.
- Why?
Don't you know the science
behind the fire? Lord?
Now leave, Babaji.
No more in this locality.
What are you doing?
- Rescue.
Where is the fire?
- Hold still.
Can I ask you something?
This is not a quotation.
My original words.
Shall I?
- What?
Will you marry me?
Oh my God!
Really?
Baba!
Let's go.
Well, you're not so
silly after all!
Towards the future. Let's go.
Let's go.